Gwenevere Abriel: Good morning.
Matthew Montano: Good morning. Nice to see you.
Gwenevere Abriel: See you. We're going to have a different kind of day.
Matthew Montano: Yes, excited
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so why don't we take off right where we left off. See if you can identify what you're going to do in here today. That's not going to be the same as last time. What are you going to do in here today.
Matthew Montano: Um, I'm going to
Matthew Montano: I'm going to talk to you more in Berlin give you my soul.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't need your soul. You can keep your soul. So you probably you probably still don't know what what went sideways last time, right, is that right
Matthew Montano: I was just that I just thought it was a misunderstanding, because we were doing the evaluation and I kind of didn't think we needed to do that. So I did. I thought I was answering your questions wrong. I really wasn't holding anything back or trying to be an asshole or anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, what if you were an asshole. What would ask Hillary look like
Matthew Montano: Um, I felt like that what you thought I was doing like playing mind games with you, but it wasn't doing that. I just didn't, didn't know how to answer the questions.
Gwenevere Abriel: About whether what would look what would asshole look like I just want to know in case we run across it on my side on your side, let's just say
Matthew Montano: Oh, maybe Nashville. I would
Matthew Montano: I probably I probably just be blunt, I'd be like, I don't want to be doing this shit. I'm happy to be here like
Oh,
Matthew Montano: I was really, I was really trying. I was. I wasn't like I don't, I'm not wasn't paying like my I took it as you thought I was playing mind games or something or like trying to like cover something up. But no, I just didn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So what is a mind game look like
Matthew Montano: A mind game was my
Matthew Montano: To me a mind game looks like a
Let's see.
Matthew Montano: I would
Matthew Montano: I don't play very many mind games. So like unless that in a relationship by mine game.
Matthew Montano: Like I've been dealing with them. I kind of, I still have been really dealing with the break of my ex because it was our final break up.
Matthew Montano: Like I officially decided to break up with him and I'm to show him I broke up with him. I played a mind game with him. I did something bad i i are not necessarily bad. I hope I had sex with his ex boyfriend and
Matthew Montano: Sent him a video of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That'll do the track. Yeah.
Matthew Montano: That's a mind game. Yeah, just to show him just so that he leaves me alone. Also, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right.
Matthew Montano: Now, but so he leaves me alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Didn't work.
And I
Matthew Montano: It, it made him very angry. So he's probably going to try and like
Matthew Montano: I don't know if he's gonna he's probably going to try and do the same thing back to me or something.
Matthew Montano: But there. Um, when we try to work it out. The last time I'm I found out some really crazy stuff that might have been going out throughout the relationship. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on, that's probably something you want to talk about
Gwenevere Abriel: Not
Gwenevere Abriel: There was an awareness last time, and it's still happening in here, there is a misunderstanding and this time.
Gwenevere Abriel: I will wait for you to figure it out. I'm just going to spoon feed it, okay.
Matthew Montano: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's still not it's still my interpretation, though, Matt. There's still two versions of a minimum. There's my version. So I'm going to spoon feed my version and that is this
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it's recorded the whole session is recorded, and it's recorded where I say, Matt.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to do a treatment plan review today.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I know there's a pink elephant. I know because I was very deliberate about how I said it but you had forgotten.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I said, we're going to review the treatment plan today. It's been over a month. And it took a long time to figure out when that was I looked and looked and looked and I was sometime in March, March 10 or something took a long time looking around.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I said, we're going to review that you can plan and I went through each goal and really
Gwenevere Abriel: tidiness with every single client.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hopefully you're here. So hold on to that. Don't say
Gwenevere Abriel: I do with every single client every single month. Doesn't look the same, but I do it yeah my accreditation right for bright heart health is very happy with that because they want those reviews every month.
Gwenevere Abriel: The other thing I said was, I'm going to do a treatment plan review with you and we'll talk about the pink elephant in the room a little later. And then we went into kind of really, you may not know what a pink elephant is and then we kind of picked it that and and then
Gwenevere Abriel: We played a bit of a game.
Gwenevere Abriel: And your game, in my opinion, was I'm doing my best max doing his best.
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, and I really do feel like I am.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so hold on to that I am doing my best.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now, what did I just say about what we did last session that surprises you
Matthew Montano: That you feel like I'm not doing my best or
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I didn't, I didn't say that. I did. I
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to go. I'm going to do it all over again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Matt, the last session we met.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you mentioned in here today said, I don't know why you did that reassessment that that that that that hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: I did every assessment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Last session, we met Matt I introduced the entire session together with the following
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to review your treatment plan goals.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's, it's been over a month and I spent a lot of time looking and trying to figure out, am I right, has it been over a month and I figured, yes, it's been over a month and then I proceeded to go over your goals.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see that that is a treatment plan review. It's your goals, not mine, and it is not a re assessment.
Gwenevere Abriel: You interpret it as something else. And do you know what you did with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you do. What was it, what did you do with when I reviewed the treatment plan goals. What what meaning. Did you make out of that.
Matthew Montano: I thought we were starting all over
Matthew Montano: Yeah. And now I see what you're saying you it's something you do
Matthew Montano: When you haven't talked to one of your clients in a while. It's just something you do you go over their goals you
Matthew Montano: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Not quite. You're almost there. You're almost there. I review my clients goals I review them every single month.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now there are times in here when you guys or gals have something so pressing so pressing that I can't
Gwenevere Abriel: Say, You know what, let's go through each goal I don't choose to do that. What I do is I kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: I listened to y'all. And I assess it myself and I make some comments and I kind of write little status reports on it and I don't focus on the goals necessarily that particular session. That's what I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: We were not. We weren't starting over.
Gwenevere Abriel: We were reviewing your goals. But notice how for you. It felt like let's find out what was the emotion you felt when you thought we starting over. What was the emotion.
Matthew Montano: The emotion I felt was frustration.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's another larger amplification of frustration. What's another emotion that's big. And then we'll go. We'll talk about Ryan here in your relationship in just a second. Okay.
Matthew Montano: It was frustrating and it kind of pointless and kind of was I guess kind of pissed me off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Yes. If it turns out that number that asked Hillary thing we were chatting about I don't want to be here.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is, this is a waste of my time. If it is a fragment of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like it's pointless.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it's possible. There was a little bit of it there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then the openness and willingness to have hurt the fact that these are your goals like this isn't a reassessment this is these are your goals. Why wouldn't we talk about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: A resistance to sort of really being open and talking about what the pink elephant in is the pink elephant is our dynamics is this flow that we had for a while, but the flow couldn't happen because there was, I think my opinion. I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Not keeping commitment that's it not why I have lots of reasons why I can't keep up commitment. Okay. But I give you those I show up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I made a commitment.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not a commitment necessarily just to another human being. I am a human being.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am a human. Yes, it's through the screening never met me face to face, but I have a whole other life like I have this whole thing going on like you have a whole work thing going on right I'm a human.
Gwenevere Abriel: It isn't just you got called into work you affect another human and that human has a lot of other people connected this some human. So this is where empathy comes in.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it was missing. It's missing.
Hmm.
Matthew Montano: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah I don't actually I don't need a lot of it.
Matthew Montano: With me, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Now it doesn't take a lot because you don't know any of my stories and I don't ever ask you guys to sort of take care of me, but the part where you can show empathy is is to realize it's not just because you've got
Gwenevere Abriel: Called into work that you don't keep a commitment that affects a human being. It affects her mortgage the time she spends with her other commitments and obligations, the people that she didn't book.
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe they really were in crisis and didn't get to meet with their therapist, and that's just me throwing out a couple of random things. So hold on to yourself. That's where empathy can live. That's a space.
Gwenevere Abriel: It means you take a second and you say, well, what about my recovery. What about my commitment to my recovery, what about this other human being, I made a commitment to
Gwenevere Abriel: I better let her know or I better really take a look at when I commit to something I share is F better not do it unless I really mean it. And I better communicate it to my workplace that I'm legit. This is a doctor's appointment. It is the same as any
Gwenevere Abriel: dental appointment.
Gwenevere Abriel: But just you'll spend time on your own thinking about how it's really not as important to you. It's kind of pointless. And so it gets dropped down to the bottom of the list of important things
Gwenevere Abriel: And I feel it because I'm the recipient of it. So that's the elephant. That's the one. And we danced around it and said we had this little volley right
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, and so we played a little word game and we danced around. We have some fun and it was a little, little like her. Our. Wow.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, I felt like I was being nice. I you I could feel you are
Gwenevere Abriel: So you think you were being nice. So let's just think about that. Let's just think about the animal kingdom for a second. Well,
Matthew Montano: I wasn't
Matthew Montano: I wasn't be nice and the fact that I didn't have empathy that I was wasting your time. I didn't think about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh no, not to waste my time this has to do with
Gwenevere Abriel: The earlier pieces around. Hey, I got work. I can't show up.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, that's what I'm talking about.
Matthew Montano: Oh, I didn't show up to those weapons. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me so. So here's the thing. Let's see if right now feels different. Do you feel really honest, or is there something you kind of want to say just one more piece and then we're done with this. Is there anything still charge that maybe you want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Talk about you're saying like her. I was like that. Right. And you were being nice.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, well, okay, I want to say sorry for any appointments. I've missed. I want to say sorry for Miss wasting your time. I now see that you're on. How do you, it's a, what do you say on call, or whatever you get paid by commission or whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: I did. I am an independent contractor. So for example, this hour is set aside for a client, I had a cancellation. So I offer a you are on my on call list this week.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I checked in and this worked out, but otherwise I would have had no one in here. I would have done something else.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that worked out all the independent contractor. If you ever decided to do something on your own your own thing. There was this thing we want for for anybody. You just pay. It's a paid for service thing and that's it.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, you only get paid. If someone comes through yeah and and I feel like that is a huge waste of your time so I
Matthew Montano: Suppose I am sorry and want to apologize for wasting those times in the past when I said I all I have, or
Matthew Montano: I was being selfish, because I was thinking like, oh, my work is more important than this and not really realizing that this is your work and I was kind of wasting your time and your time.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see how it's and you're not alone. A lot of people can't quite make that connection because you know I gotta work well. So why
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I didn't knock on your door going hey
Gwenevere Abriel: And everyone in your complex, watch this. I'm just in an animated because it's fun. Hey, you guys want to join my heart health. Hey. Hey.
Gwenevere Abriel: Y'all y'all came to us.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I think you get it was he accepted and I'm sorry I was such a stubborn little shit last
Matthew Montano: Okay, yes. I truly am sorry I get it now.
Matthew Montano: I didn't know why.
Matthew Montano: I couldn't get why you were so frustrated and I was kind of like I nervous laugh when you kind of like I see frustrated because I don't know you personally I died. You know, I am so I'm like, so like, but now I get it. It's, it's
Gwenevere Abriel: So, but notice how I actually, I didn't go unconscious. I wasn't so mad. What I was doing was seeing if you could figure it out on your own and I get some more.
Gwenevere Abriel: Basic therapeutic things like reviewed treatment plan, which is still therapeutic and I did this thing that got us here today, it means that you had to sit with that confusion and sit in it sit and I knew what was going on. The whole time, but
Gwenevere Abriel: There's nothing like experiencing something to really know
Gwenevere Abriel: That is so I am happy to. I'm dying, actually, to know how you came about with this solution. How this is your solution to do this sex video thinking that he would stop contacting you, I mean really. You really think that or
Matthew Montano: What, what I really wanted to do is
Matthew Montano: Hit the way, hear me.
Matthew Montano: Okay, so we have I since January since are pretty I've given him an ultimatum. I think I've told you about this that you have two weeks to picture act of the things I've been saying that I've
Matthew Montano: been bothering me. Are you got to get done my place. He never changed anything. So the beginning of February. He pays rent moved out.
Matthew Montano: Throughout February we we went a whole month, not to be together throughout February. I'm very secretive he hide stuff throughout the relationship. I always have that gut feeling to reply things
Matthew Montano: He's really good at it. Yes. No.
Matthew Montano: Like okay, I'll go into that later. But anyway. Okay, so after February and cheaper, more broken up march comes along and then we start he CONTACTS ME. And we start trying to make it work out.
Matthew Montano: We go straight back into the same shifts, you know, he comes, he over to my apartment. He stresses me out. So the only way. Well, I'm really able to now with them is, if I have a
Matthew Montano: You know,
Matthew Montano: Bought the tonic or something if I have some whiskey. You know, just to chill out and be able to talk to him because getting so frustrated if I'm sober will not complete. So
Matthew Montano: Take my medicine or whatever. But I'm okay so what the things are going good. He is. He knows I'm going to work one day, so he was when he started saying here again.
Matthew Montano: I go to work. He says, Hey, babe. I'm going to take your lunch so it goes and takes me lunch he meets my boss. I'm like, hey, is my boyfriend introduced him to everyone. I work with and then he
Matthew Montano: I say, Can you go back to the house clean the apartment Space Jam, nothing to do, because it's not working right now. So he
Matthew Montano: Says no I can't. Because I'm going to the grocery store for my mom and and run some errands for her and she's going to pay me dollars a month right now it's not working because of the whole Cogan and then okay so later on that he and then he calls me later on. And he says, Hey, babe.
Matthew Montano: I'm gonna buy. I'm going to buy us a little bit of cocaine and
Matthew Montano: Really for him and some liquor, so we can just hang out later on tonight. It was a Saturday. So he bought he. Okay, so I'm happy, I'm cool. I'm like, whatever. Let us theme and then by the time he gets off for
Matthew Montano: Some I get off work. I called him. And I'm like, hey, is everything going okay I'm getting off work now and he's all I'm not gonna lie to you. He's all either I'm already off but he's logged I
Matthew Montano: Did a lot of that cocaine and I'm drink a lot. He thought he still I'm going to come over and I was like, wow, that's kind of frustrating, but I guess, make it make up your mind. You can decide it through and come over and not
Matthew Montano: So he does come over, but four hours after that. And then he comes. He's even more right so it comes in right he
Matthew Montano: He starts are started arguing visa, you can for every damn thing I can do nothing without you get mad and I was like, dude, we have this plan. We are just going to hang out, you actually were.
Matthew Montano: Supposed to put food in my fridge, because you eat all my down food smoke so much we've you all my food. That's what the money was actually for it. I didn't mind if you bought your little thing or whatever. So, and then he walks up and slaps me
Matthew Montano: I've noticed that this is something that has happened in the past I there's been the first hit ever in our relationship. I hit him first, but then he would start hitting he I had stopped since we've done this Council.
Matthew Montano: But I noticed he would always hit me because he knew I would hit him back. And what I have what clicked in that moment is he's doing something bad. So he hits me so that I hear back and then he'll play drums up from the floor play the big
Matthew Montano: Hill Hill refused to leave my house off totally drag them out and then he'll be like, you hit you hit me and then him doing all that cocaine and all that drugs turns into me being abusive so okay anyway.
Matthew Montano: To few days go by, I think about the situation, I think, hey, in our one year and four months together his mom has never just given him money.
Matthew Montano: And if she has given him money. It's to pay one of his loans pay one of his car payments to pay a bill. She has never given him straight up cash. So I tell them I'm going to ask
Matthew Montano: I was like that's fishy two texts. I was like, That's fishy. I'm going to ask your mom. He's like, go ahead and ask my mom. I don't care which which you do
Matthew Montano: And so I didn't think I would. So I call his mom up and I said hey did Ryan, go to the store for you. Did you give them $100 did he run errands for you, she said, No, I did. He did, or the surf.
Matthew Montano: errands for me and I didn't give them $100 so I kind of put two and two together. And I don't know if he
Matthew Montano: Is sleep sleeping around if he's selling his ass, to be honest.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, right.
Matthew Montano: Yeah. And because stuff like this has come up in the past.
Matthew Montano: Where he's come up with money, but like I asked him once. How'd you get that money and he's, he said he'll like mumble something. Well, I did this.
Matthew Montano: And I was like, what, and he's like, I fucking hate repeating myself and where he won't repeat himself and that's his excuse
Matthew Montano: And so what and they're in the past. There's just one thing. We also did like there's a site called. It's where you get on webcam and people watch you, and say like me and him were having sex, and they asked us to kiss or or use a
Gwenevere Abriel: Mouse and they pay us this week, someone else. The heck is it called
Matthew Montano: Chatter bait there. So it's called chatter made the one that we've grown and actually show actually showed it to him. And we just did it for fun and it was we were thinking we're going to make a little extra money off of it.
Matthew Montano: Because we did, we made like maybe 100 $200 a month just and we, it's not just us having sex, you know,
People
Matthew Montano: People watch and they tip you if they want you to kiss or whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Matthew Montano: Yeah, so
Matthew Montano: Either you he was selling his ass or he was on that website and ok so the website would have been that bad, but he was doing it in my house.
Gwenevere Abriel: Without
Matthew Montano: My permission or he was out there selling is but exact you know are given a blow job or something because there's no I know him. There's no other way you would have made money could have made that money.
Matthew Montano: And then, okay, so he decided one more time. I call him over and I'm said, I'm gonna I'm gonna bring this up. He don't know I contacted this month. So I call him over.
Matthew Montano: And then I asked him, I was like I did, contact your mom. And he's like, what, what does she say what does she say I don't care what she said, whatever.
Matthew Montano: She told me none of that was true, and she and then and then you know how to use the bags to stay refuses to leave and
Matthew Montano: He's like, what are you going to do about it. He started getting like that he wants. I said that he's like, I need time I need time. I can't talk about this right now, and he runs out the door. Bam. I've caught him in his life.
Matthew Montano: I've caught. I don't know how long he's been doing this ship, but it is this gross to me.
Matthew Montano: Out fucking growth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really, okay.
Matthew Montano: Yes, it is gross just yeah I'm disgusted in him. And I don't know if he's been doing this on and off through our relationship or what
Matthew Montano: I feel like I'm and then I also going back
Matthew Montano: things we've talked about. He, um, he talked about when I told you guys. He said I HIV. Right.
Matthew Montano: I don't, I don't have a TV. I'm
Matthew Montano: On I'm on PrEP. And I will use production. I don't have HIV or anything. I was pretty educated on that. So, and he told me since the beginning.
Matthew Montano: That he had that. And I do have tech myself but anyways. Okay, so he said when he found out he had HIV that his mom told him that his dad was molested by an uncle or something like that. And then I kind of
Matthew Montano: Put that in my brain and kept it in there and I always thought that was so weird that he, why would she tell him the dad was molested
Matthew Montano: That when he guy Jovi what, how does that connect and I started to the maybe Ryan was molested by his dad, and that's why he is such a good liar. But maybe that's why he Hide. Hide stuff so well.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: That line is a little abrupt but
Gwenevere Abriel: The fact that we're continuing dysfunctional sexual relationships that we have this sort of unhealthy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of relationship with with sexuality and and it's like a throwaway
Gwenevere Abriel: persona that we front with this is who I am. But really, we're not that that could be that part. Makes sense. That's my population. Those are the people I'm working with.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that that line user. Well, that's why he's a good liar. That's a little, a little abbreviated um
Matthew Montano: But there's also a lot of puzzle pieces I put together throughout the relationship like he. There was one time he told me his sister, one of his sisters lives here in Roswell. The other to live in Houston.
Matthew Montano: He told me that his sister's husband told him that he was molested as a child, too, but he never told Ryan sister his own life and then it clicked with me. I was like, why would he tell you that and not he's old white. So we're like,
Gwenevere Abriel: In a conversation or there seemed like there was some sort of alliance in some way that
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, would understand and I wonder why because maybe he'd experienced it. Yeah.
I could see that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Matthew Montano: Yes. Yeah, I'm a, I'm a good detective and I always
Matthew Montano: Scorpio thing. I'm always like watching people, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Come back for just a second. All of that detective work is going on out here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Around someone you don't want in your life anymore.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a lot of work for someone you don't want in your life anymore. It also takes a lot of energy that
Matthew Montano: I think I
Matthew Montano: Was sorry to interrupt you, but I think the reason I did do it for so long is because I could never catch him in a lie, and he would tell me he loved me. And the first time I caught him in a lie. It was like it's out and I did something bad to myself something I wouldn't do
Matthew Montano: I had sex with his ex just to
Matthew Montano: Just tell him I had sex, sex.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's slow down a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your typical
Gwenevere Abriel: Justification
Gwenevere Abriel: Or when you win an argument, so that's that's the framework.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your typical justification is when
Gwenevere Abriel: You're fat check
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's a an incongruent. See you fact checked called mom fact check, check, check, check, check, check, check, check, check, check, check. OK, OK, OK, OK, gotcha. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the thing that I'm inviting is something very different. And that is
Gwenevere Abriel: When you feel disgusted.
Gwenevere Abriel: Check to these different where you're all that detective work is external and what I'm inviting and that's what psychotherapy does is it says look inward. Pay attention to
Gwenevere Abriel: What kind of drama is this. He's like, Oh, how could you help me and he's laying on the floor and then you're literally like, get the fuck out. You're pulling them out.
Gwenevere Abriel: fact check inside you rewind that you go inside and you say, Could I caught a sign that this is someone who's not speaking their truth they're playing a head game they're playing
Gwenevere Abriel: They're playing out some drama, but they're not using words communication to communicate what's going on. Could I have caught this earlier. And then you read detective work you rewind the tape back back back a yes. I said,
Gwenevere Abriel: I talked to your mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right there cash that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right in there. He has a choice. You can be an honest person and he can say
Gwenevere Abriel: You can't man alive.
Matthew Montano: It's
Gwenevere Abriel: Not even. It's not about the line. It's about what he decides to do, he can either be honest with himself and you or he can be a lot in authentic will call it
Gwenevere Abriel: He can play out this little drama and you know I don't even want to talk about it anymore. How could you even do a little bit, and he
Matthew Montano: Needs.
Matthew Montano: I need space.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that, so that is a distraction that has we're going to label that distraction. Because guess what it does, it gets you
Gwenevere Abriel: To be the persecutor you're coming at me and I'm already overwhelmed and leave me alone. Oh, it's too much for me. You're such a bully.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so puts you in the position of a perpetrator and he's the victim and you're like, what just happened. I just told you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I called your mom, you said you got money from her yet. Y'all need to make up your mind on the story here one of y'all is lying to me. I don't like it. So you have a choice right in that moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can play detective continuing to watch what he's doing, or you can turn that detective work inward and you can say
Gwenevere Abriel: How's my body feeling about this man's response. Hmm. I detect tension somewhere in the body.
Gwenevere Abriel: My stomach's turning my chest short fast for us, maybe it's in the jaw somewhere in there you go. I don't like this feeling. I don't know what the label is
Gwenevere Abriel: But something's up my body's me right
Gwenevere Abriel: There's this over the hedge movie with this little turtle and and his tail would tingle.
Gwenevere Abriel: So cute. He's like my tail is is tingling. There's something off and he would just know right
Gwenevere Abriel: And I need. Hello. He's got some weren't like they'd be something up. So there's some kind of sign of you that's detective work turning it this way.
Gwenevere Abriel: So do in to the early signs when someone's being inauthentic around you and pay attention to how that feels. Not only how it feels in the body, but then take a few minutes, five minutes 10 minutes and label it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think someone's lying to me. I think Ryan's lane. I'm could be wrong. I feel it like someone's being inauthentic and
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Matthew Montano: And I'm, I, I have I have that strong gut feeling. And usually it's right, you write about people you know when they're being authentic with me and that was happening throughout the relationship, but he was just such a liar that I
Have
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, no, no, no. So here's the problem. We're almost there, go back to this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have a gut feeling I'm usually so good. I'm so good at knowing, notice that
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, actually, I think there's something else he would either so attractive to or something tip the scale. I really want a healthy relationship. I want it to be this man.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you betrayed your gut feeling because you're doing the other one which is I'm looking for evidence is nothing to do with it. If you're telling me your gut had a response. You betrayed it
Gwenevere Abriel: You look outside for evidence you waited too long.
To
Gwenevere Abriel: Get you to come back in here. Get back to the gut, get back to the gut feeling when you register something. Sometimes it will be off. So what we oftentimes we have a first impression of someone I get them all the time on a daily and
Gwenevere Abriel: And I know my intention, so I know I'm in check. But I have to sit through it. I have to kind of Wade my way through it, but I know that we're capable of having a first impression we sit back
Gwenevere Abriel: Watch again. How do I feel, and then we can get new information and maybe we can change your opinion. I want you to go back to gut feeling. How many, how, what was the earliest sign you had about Ryan.
Gwenevere Abriel: The he was in authentic.
Gwenevere Abriel: First
Gwenevere Abriel: The first person.
Matthew Montano: The first he moved into this apartment with me the first month I moved in pretty much she was saved with me every day. And that was this January. That was a year ago, so a year and what
Matthew Montano: A year and three months ago.
Matthew Montano: We had some of his friends over. We were all sitting back there. My kitchen table and it was his first one that came over, was his friend zone and one of his best girlfriend.
Matthew Montano: Okay, so this girl brings over this guy that she's supposedly dating and before he got there. We were all kind of chitchat were were like kind of drew Kuma like hey, a lot of these street guys are like by like by furious and stuff and
Matthew Montano: So one of the girls like I think he's kind of gay. And I was like, I don't think he's he's when I think he's just like you have like good
Matthew Montano: Friends around you, and you might if he's staring at them. It's just like probably like, whoa, this is different. This is weird or whatever. But anyway. Okay, so we get to drinking, Ryan.
Matthew Montano: Is I'm sitting extra Ryan that guys across the table from Ryan Ryan is staring him giving him like staring into a soul just non stop just staring at him.
Matthew Montano: And I'm sitting next Brian and I'm kind of like shaking his head and he was just staring at him completely zone me out. And then all of a sudden music starts playing. He gets up.
Matthew Montano: He picks up his shirt. He starts showing his nipple and staring at that guy and dancing and then I when I was like I slammed the table and I was like, Dude, what are you doing
Matthew Montano: And he's like, Hey, I'm just dancing and then so I tell I was like, Dude, you gotta leave you got to get out of my house so NEED YOU TO GET MY HOUSE AND WE TALKED ABOUT IT AFTERWARD. And I did.
Matthew Montano: I'm at the point where I want to get married and have kids and I and I saw the good qualities in him and stuff and
Matthew Montano: So I tried to forget this. But it stuck in my head I was like, That is weird. He and he was just like, I'm just free. I just like the waiver. See, I like be free. I, I come home to. You always come home to you. I was just dancing, but he was straight on focus on that guy.
Matthew Montano: That was the straight
Matthew Montano: Ever, ever seen
Gwenevere Abriel: label it. What was he doing label it.
Matthew Montano: He was, he was flirting with that guy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he and you were looking at this man as a potential long term partner, not just this short term attraction relationship.
Gwenevere Abriel: That he that's not how typically we act in a in a in a group setting when there are long term, right. We're not listening at
Matthew Montano: The same at the same time he was telling me all this stuff that he wanted long term heat he initiated the relationship
Matthew Montano: I kept telling him. No, you're a few years younger than me. You're not mature enough. I don't want this relationship to be hooked up buddies. I told him multiple times. He would cry bag he would, he would, he would
Matthew Montano: He would say, I can't just be your friend. If we can't, if we can't be together forever. I can just be your friend. He would ball. You know, he would put these things into my head. It wasn't my decision to go into the relationship. I thought week and I fell for it.
Matthew Montano: So you
Matthew Montano: See what
Gwenevere Abriel: Master. Okay. We know but that still your part, your part was wanting to believe. So what is it about him. Is it hit. What is he so attractive.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would like what is it that tip the scale that she said, I want to believe what he's saying versus what your gut is telling you you wanted to believe his words versus his actions and your gut. What was it about Ryan Just see if you can name it, but
Matthew Montano: The main thing is is hard. I could see his heart and all the hurt. He had been through, and we both have been through many hardships and hurts and we could relate in that and he was he was very attractive. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So those are
Matthew Montano: The main thing though I don't just chase after
Gwenevere Abriel: Be ashamed of it, for goodness sake, we're visual people so okay we got a name that otherwise it's just will be dancing around wasted.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, but at the same time, he was like, definitely attracted to me to like it was real feminine feminine, I was real masculine. He had the greatest sex like we were so attracted to each other. He was all over me all the time and I loved that he
Matthew Montano: was obsessed with me also was another team.
Matthew Montano: It was, it wasn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Ready.
Gwenevere Abriel: We have we related and sort of that we both were hurt in the same way I might board it differently, but we're going to go with that. We were hurt. We related on that level, he is super hot attractive. I felt wanted. I felt really wanted
Gwenevere Abriel: We had
Matthew Montano: Right, we had a strong, strong connection.
Matthew Montano: Strong sexual sexual connection, both of us.
Gwenevere Abriel: So those things right there. But you got to look at them. Otherwise you're going to end up in this exact same relationship again.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if you pay attention to if you can see that your gut is going to say, this does not look like long term family to do it. It's good. Listen around right and your
Gwenevere Abriel: Fuck you. He's hot. He wants me. This looks like fun. I want to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that could happen again. Oh, that's what I'm saying is
Gwenevere Abriel: Your intuition that gut feeling is going to message you and if you decide to ignore it. Well, then don't blame anybody else don't blame him for being manipulative
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what I'm saying, is this the tricky bit and I know nobody likes to hear this. But we all participate in the denial, like, Well, I want to believe what you're saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll believe your words, but every other action of years has been the opposite of your words which are so hot, and I like this part I want it to be true and wanted to be true.
Gwenevere Abriel: Only you are going to learn over time. There's no amount of me going, standing near yada yada yada. You're going to find out that
Gwenevere Abriel: People will do
Gwenevere Abriel: They'll do, do you watch this month they did what they said they follow through this month. They didn't said that they felt that
Gwenevere Abriel: They could reasonably expect over these three, six months and they're going to do and say exactly what they didn't said three and six months ago. I'm going to share some of my stories with them a little more. I will let them stay overnight right it's slow
Gwenevere Abriel: It we watch, are you trustworthy.
Gwenevere Abriel: He said, I wonder about you. Matt is because of the early start with you, like the denial of who you were.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those Miss years of enjoying this stuff you're doing right now like we do that and no school like that's you know I'm saying you didn't get to do that.
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Matthew Montano: Okay, that happens.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, because you were just like, oh, he likes me so much. And we're just like over heartbroken and we go through all through. But you are in a long denial. Right. You were headed to pretend to your friends that that
Gwenevere Abriel: He couldn't go through it the same you had you had this sort of keep that quiet and you didn't get that normal, typical developmental part that
Matthew Montano: At girlfriends, but it was always speaking superficial there's now if
Matthew Montano: There was ever a
Matthew Montano: Sex. It was forced yeah with a lot. Yeah, exactly. And I'm dealing dealing with that stuff you
Matthew Montano: Know, like so.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just be gentle with that just don't miss label it. Don't say all never have mature love don't miss label it. Try my hypothesis on and say, I'm doing this developmental piece where I'm feeling out that line between will I follow my gut instinct.
Gwenevere Abriel: Around my core values, which is, I do want you know great sex but
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it at a cost of these other morals like hard work and good communication and
Gwenevere Abriel: Authenticity. Oh, you're going to figure that out. But you had a missed developmental milestone. So maybe you're up to it now and I'll wait it out with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I, I won't blame all the Ryan's because it's not it's not all their fault. If they are you saw him standing at the table all getting hoochie up there.
He was good.
Gwenevere Abriel: But once you turn all that hot towards me. Why don't you give you some of that hot. You know, so
Matthew Montano: When I was in
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Matthew Montano: And what it was.
Matthew Montano: And I try and make excuses for it, but that because I broke up with him for two months of that time.
Matthew Montano: I was, I never
Matthew Montano: Seen that I've been to parties, I have boyfriends. We were around a bunch of gay guys and I never seen that happen, and there was only there was a straight news a straight guy.
Matthew Montano: And his girlfriend and did that I can only imagine what he would do if we were like at when I when I lived in Albuquerque. You go to the clubs like you know
Matthew Montano: It's just
Gwenevere Abriel: He needs individual therapy. He needs a pain in the ass like me. He needs somebody will call him out, pull out if there's that you know if there's molestation stuff in his history. He's got to do some some healing around it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know that that's gonna mess with him for quite a while he's not going to trust.
Matthew Montano: That
Matthew Montano: If he was
Matthew Montano: If he was molested, and he he hit it, hit it for his dad or whatever, is that
Matthew Montano: Will that's what's that just teach us into lie or what does that do
Gwenevere Abriel: That it's so funny, you do that you do this line. It's like this direct line.
Gwenevere Abriel: It teaches in July.
Matthew Montano: Right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's all the I remember I said it's not a direct line we're not like that. I have plenty of clients that have suffered through these things survivors these things and I would never think of them as a liar.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's too simplified way too simple.
Matthew Montano: It's because it's because I know him as an adult and I was in a relationship with him. So like, I'm not, like, Oh, I like I feel bad that that happened to him, but he never he never explained it to me. He never he never and I was hoping
Matthew Montano: To get trust.
Gwenevere Abriel: So Matt, you're doing it right now. It is so much more pleasurable for you to think about the Ryan's and analysis analyze them. It's so much more enjoyable for you, then, to turn that analysis inward.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you will opt for that one, nine out of 10 times
Gwenevere Abriel: Versus hmm
Gwenevere Abriel: I did it. You talked about middle school talked about a possible developmental milestone, you missed out on, we need to talk about your mother. You haven't talked about, you know, I mean, we haven't talked about dynamics, like that. It is just so much more interesting for you to talk about
Gwenevere Abriel: Outside outside that of turning that introspection introspection inward and it'll probably continue to be that way. But it is kind of like, like a 13 year old.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, I know what you mean it. I know exactly
Gwenevere Abriel: But I also have in my memory and we're gonna we've got five minutes. So I want to make sure we have just a few minutes to process what today was okay. So I just want to say one more.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know so. But I want to talk about one more thing. I also have in my mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, maybe that's what Matt needs to do, where he sits on the couch with therapist. When a beer we sit here and talk
Gwenevere Abriel: We talk about boyfriends of the day, we talked about my heartache, right. Maybe that's what we're up to maybe on that and you're sitting there and we're talking as if right it's middle school and
Gwenevere Abriel: What else. Oh yeah, he's an asshole. We hate him. Okay. Who do we like now hair and we, you know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe that's what we're up to. If that's going to be healing. If that's the hypothesis. I'm down for that too. It's a little harder for me cries, right. I'm like,
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to be productive and it's hard for me to just be this listener, but I'll work through that if it means we sit on that couch right
Gwenevere Abriel: That missed opportunity where you and your mama sat on that couch and you could go to her, and you could tell her about how hard your day was
Gwenevere Abriel: It won't do it. I'll do it. I'll work it out. Okay. Okay.
Matthew Montano: And I also want to talk about maybe next time how
Matthew Montano: I have to have in the past. This time I only hooked up with the only person that hooked up since we've broken up is
Matthew Montano: His ex McKinsey which he's also good looking guy and I feel like in the past I've when I've had these breakups I've abused myself like I went out there and had a lot of promiscuous sex, just to kind of make get my mind off things
Gwenevere Abriel: So is this rough right now because you can't go to the gym and I know you were, you were able to channel that energy to the gym and I know it's inconvenient. But you got to find other things to do with that mind of yours, and with the body, whether it's
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know what, what can you be physically doing that could feel cathartic where you could say, Okay, I'm still working on on my body. It's this physical exercise.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not, it's not so self destructive.
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Running
Gwenevere Abriel: Sign up commit to some sort of yoga competition something where you are invested in it and it's got your focus and attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you had this you were going to the gym. Now you can't go to the gym. Is there stuff you could get a set in your in your apartment or something. Can you do something like that or to work out or no.
Matthew Montano: Um, I can start going to run up the track is what a start.
Matthew Montano: And I have, I have my friends that come over and we have like movie nights and my girlfriends and we had and they teach an art class. Maybe I could take up in our class.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I like that but but I will tell you.
Gwenevere Abriel: It does take effort and you think, well, this is this is stupid. Um, I get so much more reward by healing attractive. I'll just go do that that's a quick fix, but it's got a hangover and what is
Gwenevere Abriel: Actually
Matthew Montano: On health. It's not making it
Matthew Montano: More
Gwenevere Abriel: Bringing it to a close now bring it down. Bringing it down, look at the time being down. We got to be mindful of time. Yeah. So you're bringing up an entire topic be covered in four minutes and it's not fair to the topic. Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Another time to meet
Matthew Montano: Okay.
Matthew Montano: Well as soon as possible.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your which days work best for you. I'm pretty booked up next week, but just tell me
Matthew Montano: Um, let's see.
Matthew Montano: Just one.
Matthew Montano: You can walk
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now, literally, I got nothing.
I could do the on call.
Matthew Montano: Can you do the same thing where you book me whenever you as soon as possible. Whenever you have
Gwenevere Abriel: That's yes I'm calling that make sure you can hear me. I'm gonna put you on my on call list where if I have
Gwenevere Abriel: So it was like, I sent you a message I sent a couple of other people too. And I didn't hear from them. I was like, I'm not gonna see anybody at nine o'clock. But then I heard from you. So, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I can do that next week. But let's look forward and schedule something for the following week. Okay, just in case we
Gwenevere Abriel: So we have something in place. So look at your work calendar. I want you to be thinking, I really don't want to commit
Matthew Montano: Okay, the next one I have is April.
Matthew Montano: 30 at 1:10pm is that next week. That's IS NEXT WEEK BECAUSE IT IS A 24
You're good.
Gwenevere Abriel: What
Matthew Montano: Is that, oh, that's a
Matthew Montano: That's a week from today, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's Thursday. It's a Thursday, April 10. So we already have that in place so we're good right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: I will suggest if you want anything earlier than that in the day to tell me now because they're going to get booked up quickly between May 4 and may 8 it's up to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you want to meet weekly to start to delve back in where we were. Because now we don't have to do all the chitchat about us, we can dive right into sort of the psychodynamic so things. I'm happy to do that can also introduce
Gwenevere Abriel: The em Dr work to which is pretty cool. So what do you want to do you want to play it by ear will schedule. After we meet on April 30th or do you want me to book something between May 4 and may as well.
Gwenevere Abriel: For them.
Well,
Matthew Montano: Since we have our appointment April 30 let's just
Matthew Montano: Only one after another.
Matthew Montano: If that works for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you need me to message or doctor anything
Gwenevere Abriel: About medication.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bridge. You can't be British. We didn't know we were going to have today. So, can be bridged
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Matthew Montano: Gonna be running low.
Matthew Montano: On Sunday, again, run out on Sunday.
Gwenevere Abriel: That makes sense, because when's your next appointment.
Matthew Montano: Mondays. The group of women.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's the thing. Keep that appointment. This will be this one and this will be a captain appointment on Monday, and maybe Dr. Solomon will say, Okay, let's push it forward and maybe now have now that you and I have talked, we can try it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so keep your appointments and then maybe we'll do that that original plan, which was all taper every two weeks, and I'll attend every two weeks, like we'll revisit that plan again. Okay, I gotta go. Sorry, I gotta go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice.